Add documentation for Models from Code (#12381)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/models.rst

file in the root of the directory that can define multiple *flavors* that the model can be viewed
in.

The **model** aspect of the MLflow Model can either be a serialized object (e.g., a pickled ``scikit-learn`` model)

> or a Python script that contains the model class definition that has been defined with the :py:func:`mlflow.models.set_model` API. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or a Python script that contains the model instance that has been defined with the :py:func:`mlflow.models.set_model` API. 
```

> or a Python script that contains the model class definition that has been defined with the :py:func:`mlflow.models.set_model` API. 

Author: yep! I'll update :)

* :py:func:`load <mlflow.models.Model.load>` to load a model from a local directory or
  from an artifact in a previous run.

Models From Code
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. note::
    The Models from Code feature is available in MLflow versions 2.12.2 and later. This feature is experimental and may change in future releases.

> The Models from Code feature allows you to define and log models directly from Python code. This feature is particularly useful when you want to 

Reviewer 2: I think another standing benefit is they can bypass pickling😄

Author: Nice! added a reference to this as well

log models that can be effectively stored as a code representation (models that do not need optimized weights through training) or applications 
that rely on external services (e.g., LangChain chains). 

.. note::
    This feature is only supported for **LangChain** and **PythonModel** models.

In order to log a model from code, you can leverage the :py:func:`mlflow.models.set_model` API. This API allows you to define a model by specifying
an instance of the model class directly within the file where the model is defined. When logging such a model, a
file path is specified (instead of an object) that points to the Python file containing both the model class definition and the usage of the 
``set_model`` API applied on an instance of your custom model. 

The figure below provides a comparison of the standard model logging process and the Models from Code feature for models that are eligible to be 
saved using the Models from Code feature:

.. figure:: _static/images/models/models_from_code.png
    :alt: Models from Code
    :width: 60%
    :align: center

For example, defining a model in a separate file named ``my_model.py``:

.. code-block:: python

    import mlflow

>     from mlflow.models import set_model

Reviewer 2: Model-from-code feature doesn't support importing custom module outside the `.py` file, right? Considering the number of questions we've got about pyfunc `code_paths`, it may be helpful to explicitly mention that limitation.

Reviewer 3: We can make it supporting `code_paths`, (haven't implemented this yet)

the "model code" is saved as a separate code file so it is orthogonal to code_paths feature

Author: great callout. I'll add a note
@WeichenXu123 good idea - can we file a backlog (next sprint) JIRA to enhance the automated code_paths feature to support external reference imports for models from code?

    class MyModel(mlflow.pyfunc.PythonModel):
        def predict(self, context, model_input):
            return model_input

    # Define the custom PythonModel instance that will be used for inference
    set_model(MyModel())

Then, logging the model from the file path in a different python script:

.. code-block:: python

    import mlflow

    model_path = "my_model.py"

    with mlflow.start_run():
        model_info = mlflow.pyfunc.log_model(
            python_model=model_path,  # Define the model as the path to the Python file
            artifact_path="my_model",
        )

    # Loading the model behaves exactly as if an instance of MyModel had been logged

>     my_model = mlflow.pyfunc.load_model(model_info.model_uri)

Reviewer 2: Can we add a quick note that the code is internally executed when logging/loading model (even if they don't specify input example)? It may surprise customers seeing additional requests to their LLM endpoint, GPU usage spike, or whatever side effect from the execution.

Author: Added a tip!
